OCPBUGS-18898: Highlight UPI support for platform:none and update pre-req docs (#2486)
openshift/windows-machine-config-operator: docs/wmco-prerequisites.md

Below are the Cluster and OS prerequisites for WMCO. Please also see the vSphere-specific section that 
may be relevant.

## Supported Installation method
* Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) installation method is the recommended and supported installation method.

* User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) is **only supported** on Bare metal or Provider-agnostic
  platform (`platform: none`) for the [BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)](byoh-instance-pre-requisites.md#byoh-instance-pre-requisites)

>   use case. UPI is not supported in any other platform.

Reviewer: Maybe I am being stupid here. This refers to the initial install of OCP, not Windows nodes, right?  We do not support Windows nodes being installed on UPI, except for BYOH on

>   use case. UPI is not supported in any other platform.

Reviewer: This is taking about the initial OCP install, right? We support installing Windows nodes into OCP clusters installed by using IPI. We do not support installing Windows nodes into OCP clusters installed by using UPI, except for bare-metal or provider agnostic clusters.  ??

Author: Correct, that is accurate.

Author: @mburke5678, do you anticipate any rewording to make this message clearer?

Reviewer: I can try something if you want.

Author: @mburke5678  do you mind dropping a comment with a `/lgtm`  ?

> ## Supported Installation method
> * Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) installation method is the recommended and supported installation method.
> 
> * User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) is **only supported** on Bare metal or Provider-agnostic
>   platform (`platform: none`) for the [BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)](byoh-instance-pre-requisites.md#byoh-instance-pre-requisites)
>   use case. UPI is not supported in any other platform.

Reviewer: @jrvaldes Is this too much? (And accurate?)
```suggestion
##Supported OKD/OCP Installation method
Creating Windows nodes is supported for OKD/OCP clusters installed by using the Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) and User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) installation methods as follows:

* IPI. Creating Windows nodes on OKD/OCP clusters that used the IPI installation method is supported for all platforms. This is the recommended and OKD/OCP installation method.
* UPI. Creating Windows nodes on OKD/OCP clusters that used the UPI installation method is **only supported** for the [BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)](byoh-instance-pre-requisites.md#byoh-instance-pre-requisites) use case with the bare metal or provider-agnostic platform (`platform: none`). UPI is not supported on any other platform.
```

Author: > supported for OKD/OCP clusters that were installed by using the Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) and User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) installation methods

@mburke5678   I have mixed feelings about the first statement; it may lead to misunderstands. e.g. `supported for IPI and UPI`

I would rather be concrete and specific.

Reviewer: It confused me that we said IPI is the supported installation method, then say that UPI is also supported, although only in specific conditions. 
However, I can see your concern, and perhaps users won't see those specific conditions and  assume UPI is supported in all platforms. 
I'll defer to what the team thinks.

Author: @mburke5678 good catch. I reframed it as "is supported and the recommended installation method" so it is consistent. 

I pushed an update. PTAL

Below are the Cluster and OS prerequisites for WMCO. Please also see the vSphere-specific section that 
may be relevant.

## Supported Installation method
* Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) installation method is the recommended and supported installation method. 

>   The latter is consistent across all supported platforms. 

Reviewer 2: `The latter` can be used after two options given, to refer to the final option. since only IPI is given at this point it wouldn't be correct to use that. Instead I recommend rephrasing to:
```
 * Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI) installation method is fully supported and is the recommended installation method.
```

Author: True, makes it more straightforward.  Updated

* User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) is **not supported** in any platform, the exception is Bare metal or 
  Provider-agnostic platform (`platform: none`) where the [BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)](byoh-instance-pre-requisites.md#byoh-instance-pre-requisites) 

>   use case is supported.

Reviewer 3: Consider telling what we support first e.g.
```
* User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) is only supported on Bare Metal or in Provider-agnostic platform
  (`platform: none`) environments, where the [BYOH (Bring Your Own Host)](byoh-instance-pre-requisites.md#byoh-instance-pre-requisites)
  use case is available. UPI is not supported on other cloud platforms.
```

Author: Addressed
